Standards revisions. (#4)
ParchmentMC/Website: docs/mappings.md

1. **Names should be named based on the parameter types and context of use.**
    - They should be verbose and use complete words. Avoid omitting essential information for the purpose of keeping the 
      name compact.

>     - Use the surrounding mojang class, field, and method names to infer parameter names. Prefer matching the mojang naming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use the surrounding Mojang class, field, and method names to infer parameter names. Prefer matching the Mojang naming
```

      rather than trying to improve on it.
    - {:.small-text} _Examples:_ `BlockPos adjacentPos, BlockPos currentPos`, not `BlockPos pos1, BlockPos pos2`

1. **Avoid abbreivations or acronyms.**
    - _Exception:_ Common or well-known abbreviations can be used: `IO` (input-output), `Id` (identifier).
    - _Exception:_ Names for common classes can be shortened: `BlockPos pos`, `BlockState state`, `WorldGenLevel level`

## Javadocs

{:.list-separation}

1. **Use complete, meaningful, concise sentences**
    - Try and keep explanations simple and concise without sacrificing accuracy. Avoid the use of overly complicated 
      words where short and simple descriptions are sufficient.

>     - Avoid the use of domain specific knowledge that the reader would not be assumed to have if it is not necessary.

Reviewer 2: This should probably be clarified in a way that is easier to read. How does someone determine if domain specific knowledge is "necessary"?

    - Write complete sentences for documentation, starting with an uppercase letter and ending with a period.

>     - _Exception:_ Phrases in `@return` or `@param` may use short phrases that are not sentences.

Reviewer: `@throws` should be included in this exception.

      - {:.small-text} _Example:_
        
        ```java
        /**
         * This is a full sentence. It begins with a capital letter and ends with a period.
         * Note that the below two tags may, and are allowed, to use short phrases rather than complete sentences.
         * @param foo the current foo
         * @return the modified foo
         */
        ```

1. **Do not insert unnesecary line breaks.**

>     - Do not manually insert line breaks for long columns, or try and manually hard wrap sentences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Do not manually insert line breaks for long lines or hard wrap sentences.
```
